README.md, before:

# compilation-mode.nvim

- [Description](#Description)
- [Instalation](#Instalation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Configuration](#Configuration) (TBD)

## Description

After watching the youtuber [Tsoding](https://youtube.com/tsodingdaily), I found him using this feature called compilation mode in emacs. It looked really cool and I decided to put together a haphazard plugin to emulate this behaviour.

The functionality of this plugin mimicks the workflow of [harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon), and if you aren't on harpoon2, good news this is built into the plugin so you don't need to rely on my spaghetti code, . If you are on the new version, then you have come to the right place.

## Instalation

To install the plugin add this to your Lazy.nvim configuration.

```lua
{
  "Soybean44/compilation-mode.nvim",
  lazy = false -- use this if you have lazyloading on by default
  dependencies = { "nvim-lua/plenary.nvim", "ThePrimeagen/harpoon" },
  config = function()
    local compilation_mode = require("compilation-mode")
    compilation_mode.setup() -- you MUST call setup

    -- example keybinds
    vim.keymap.set("n", "<M-c>", function()
      compilation_mode.CompileModeList()
    end)
    vim.keymap.set("n", "<M-r>", function()
      compilation_mode.CompileModeSend()
    end)
  end
}
```

If you are using any other plugin manager it should be fairly similar

## Usage

Typical useage is with the command `:CompileModeAdd <cmd>` or by editing the harpoon list from `:CompileModeList`. Every command has a corresponding lua function in the library as shown in the example config. The list of functions are as follows

| Lua                                       | Command                  | Description                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeAdd(cmd)`    | `:CompileModeAdd cmd`    | Adds a new command to the top of the command list                  |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeAddEnd(cmd)` | `:CompileModeAddEnd cmd` | Adds a new command to the bottom of the command list               |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeClear()`     | `:CompileModeClear`      | Clears the command list                                            |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeList()`      | `:CompileModeList`       | Opens the command list                                             |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeSend(item)`  | `:CompileModeSend item`  | Sends the specified item in the command list to the next tmux pane |

Note that `:CompileModeSend` will send the first item (top item) in the command list when an argument is not specified

## Configuration

TBD

Commit message:

Moved send command to config

README.md, after:

# compilation-mode.nvim

- [Description](#Description)
- [Instalation](#Instalation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Configuration](#Configuration) (TBD)

## Description

After watching the youtuber [Tsoding](https://youtube.com/tsodingdaily), I found him using this feature called compilation mode in emacs. It looked really cool and I decided to put together a haphazard plugin to emulate this behaviour.

The functionality of this plugin mimicks the workflow of [harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon), and if you aren't on harpoon2, good news this is built into the plugin so you don't need to rely on my spaghetti code, . If you are on the new version, then you have come to the right place.

## Instalation

To install the plugin add this to your Lazy.nvim configuration.

```lua
{
  "Soybean44/compilation-mode.nvim",
  lazy = false -- use this if you have lazyloading on by default
  dependencies = { "nvim-lua/plenary.nvim", "ThePrimeagen/harpoon" },
  config = function()
    local compilation_mode = require("compilation-mode")
    compilation_mode.setup() -- you MUST call setup

    -- example keybinds
    vim.keymap.set("n", "<M-c>", function()
      compilation_mode.CompileModeList()
    end)
    vim.keymap.set("n", "<M-r>", function()
      compilation_mode.CompileModeSend()
    end)
  end
}
```

If you are using any other plugin manager it should be fairly similar

## Usage

Typical useage is with the command `:CompileModeAdd <cmd>` or by editing the harpoon list from `:CompileModeList`. Every command has a corresponding lua function in the library as shown in the example config. The list of functions are as follows

| Lua                                       | Command                  | Description                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeAdd(cmd)`    | `:CompileModeAdd cmd`    | Adds a new command to the top of the command list                  |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeAddEnd(cmd)` | `:CompileModeAddEnd cmd` | Adds a new command to the bottom of the command list               |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeClear()`     | `:CompileModeClear`      | Clears the command list                                            |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeList()`      | `:CompileModeList`       | Opens the command list                                             |
| `compilation_mode.CompileModeSend(item)`  | `:CompileModeSend item`  | Sends the specified item in the command list to the next tmux pane |
| `compilation_mode.RunCommand(cmd)`        | `:RunCommand cmd`        | Sends the command passed in to the next tmux pane                  |

Note that `:CompileModeSend` will send the first item (top item) in the command list when an argument is not specified

## Configuration

TBD
